so here is the thing i want to build a website that offers users money to complete certain Instagram platform related tasks like follow on xyz account and receive this much money (i want this to be editable in admin’s panel). the name of the website is task vault. now here is how i want the design of the website to look like: basically it is targeting mobile audience so built for mobile, a money themed touch with the background and font and i also need a premium professional and not empty look, iPhone-like glass touch to the website and glowing / shining signup, login etc. buttons like that. now here is the thing when one opens the website he is met on the first page. on this page the user is shown the logo of the website, at the top is the logo and below the logo is like “this much users, this much paid” etc. and then below is a graph related to winning that is animated and matches the theme. below in highlighted is written: “you need an Instagram account with 1000+ followers, you must be over 18 and you can earn up to 200 rupees daily and monthly 6000”. now add extra generated images or from internet to give it more filled and professional touch. now below is a button that says “verify your Instagram handle”. it takes him to the next page where the user can enter their Instagram handle and it also looks very professional. when the user enters the username (the user’s input is redirected to admin’s panel waiting for approval) say “our team is verifying, wait for 1–2 hours”. when the admin verifies it, re-entering the username will take the user to an offerwall section. the offerwall section looks very good, trustworthy and attractive with certain tasks (also these offers can be added/removed in admin’s panel). now the user can submit screenshot as proof that the admin will receive and further verify. now at the top of offerwall page, in golden colour or better whatever is matching the website’s theme, is representing the money the user has. upon user handle being verified add 5 rupees. now below are 4 buttons:

home page → takes him to home page which has about us, disclaimers, FAQs, questions

support → which has email taskvaultsupport@gmail.com
 etc. (use emojis if needed)

offerwall → the section where the offers are

in offerwall there is a below button called unlock high offers which will only be usable when the user does at least one task and admin approves that task (now if admin approves the task add the amount approved in the wallet).

now side below is homepage, the offerwall then is advanced offerwall where more higher paying tasks will be there. this section of the website will only be unlocked when the user has completed one task and admin has approved it. then when user clicks the unlock high offers button, user is directed to this section of the website where the user has to bind his Instagram account — that means it looks completely, duplicately exact copy of Instagram login page (don’t worry i own Instagram so there is no worry) and the user has to put his username, then the data is received at the admin’s panel, and then similarly the password and then the access code. once he does that say “waiting for Instagram’s approval, check again after 10–15 minutes”. when the admin approves he can use the advanced offerwall tab where he will have higher offers.

now for the withdrawal option, that is the 3rd tab below which says withdrawal. when users click on that they have tons of options. one is UPI but whenever they enter their UPI and click next show the message that UPI payments are accessible after 2 days. below are gift card options where the user can choose between amazon gift card, flipkart gift card, google play gift card. they have to enter their email and mobile number and then they click next, then send a message that the user will receive the code between 1–2 hours on their email they entered and if they entered the wrong email then they can easily change it by sending another payment request. now this request goes to admin.

now make an admin section also, same themed as website, but admin receives all the user input. he can edit, remove, add offers in both advanced and normal offerwall. also include a little section on the website called help where the user can write his problems and enter his email, the admin will contact him through that mail the user sends